---
title: Hammer to Fall
slug: hammer-to-fall
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v2.13.0
product: pro
song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JU5LMG3WFBw
quote: "What the hell are we fighting for?"
permalink: /releases/pro/v2130-hammer-to-fall
date: 2020-06-24 16:55:00 Z 
---
{% include messages/notice.html
    content="We just published an article on the blog to give a quick overview of this new 'Folders' feature."
    ask="Discover the 'Folders' feature"
    link="https://medium.com/passbolt/introducing-the-new-folders-feature-77366ae59315"
%}

The team is pleased to announce that the much awaited "Folders" feature is available to Passbolt Pro and Passbolt Cloud
subscribers as part of this release. Most of the improvements for this release are fixing issues reported by the community,
from the release candidate that was released a few weeks ago. 

Thank you to everyone who helped us test and iron out the last kinks!

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2020/05/rc1/folders.gif"
    legend="Folders in action!"
%}

Another notable change: as part of this release we upgraded the OpenPGP.js. This may be a breaking change 
if you are using old OpenPGP keys with unsecure 2-byte hash. If you use such a key we advise you to try to 
re-export your private key from GnuPG to produce a more secure hash and perform an account recovery.

{% include messages/warning.html
    content="This release introduces some database changes. Make sure you follow 
    the minor [update documentation](https://help.passbolt.com/hosting/update) to roll out this new version."
    link="https://help.passbolt.com/hosting/update"
    ask="Read the doc"
%}

# Changelog
## API
### Added
- PB-1347 As a Passbolt server administrator I should be able to use advanced filters for the ldap queries.
- Folders audit log
- PB-1284 Add tasks and services to re-validate existing data
- Add contain options (creator.profile and modifier.profile) to the folders view and index entry points

### Improved
- Appjs version bump v2.13.7
- Pro Styleguide version bump v2.13.13
- Cache the list of users folders relations while performing a bulk SSCs detection
- PB-1320 Folders performances fix missing folders tables indexes

### Fixed
- GITHUB-350 No mails are sent when providers offer AUTH PLAIN authentication only
- PB-1328 Fixed various folders email issue
- Fix group delete sole owner of non shared folders issue

## Extension 2.13.1 - 2.13.4
### Added

- Increase the number of passwords the quickaccess suggests
- PB-1290 As a user I can choose which permission changes strategy to apply on a move
- PB-1326 Add support for signatures on share and import encryption operations

### Improvements
- PB-1348 Performance. Openpgpjs version bump v4.10.4

### Fixed

- Fix CSV import and export should support folders
- Fix progress bar should never be more than 100%
- GITHUB-238: As an administrator I should be able to install passbolt on a domain without a TLD.
- BUGZILLA-1372288: Hide extension URL from page when inserting iframe in a content script
- Fix resource URI can be null or a string
- Fix folder rename issue
- Fix export with large amount of resources issue
- Fix bulk move large amount of resources with the same folder parent issue
- Fix bulk share with large amount of resources

