---
title: Owner of a Lonely Heart
slug: owner-of-a-lonely-heart
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v2.10.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/IG_VDj8Eh_g
quote: "You're every move you make."
permalink: /releases/pro/v2100-owner-of-a-lonely-heart
date: 2019-05-16 12:00:00 Z
---

This release ships with some nice improvements on the LDAP connector, administration interface and quick access features.

The Ldap connector configuration UI and mapping rules have been revamped to provide a better experience, mainly for OpenLdap and FreeIPA users. 

The connector should now be compatible with most cases and configurations. 
We have added the possibility to add a custom mapping when the directory has been heavily customized, 
a better error reporting in the UI (when the directory entries follow an incorrect format), 
and the possibility to handle entries without a valid email address (through a prefix / suffix system). 
We believe these improvements will smoothen the user experience with the LDAP connector.


{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2019/05/AD_ldap_email_prefix_suffix_filter.png"
    legend="Use email prefix / suffix option in ldap"
    width="750px"
%}

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2019/05/AD_ldap_better_error_reporting.png"
    legend="Better error reporting for ldap entries"
    width="500px"
%}

Another improvement is the email notification settings section in the administration dashboard.
 As an administrator, you can now configure the email notifications from the admin UI.

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2019/05/AD_administration_dashboard_email_notifications_pro.png"
    legend="Email notifications configuration screen"
%}

Finally, it is now possible to browse passwords using filters in the browser extension “quick access”. 
The filters that were already accessible through the web UI are now available in the “quick access”: 
Favorites, Items I own, Recently modified, Shared with me or even Groups and Tags. Check it out.

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2019/05/LU_quick_access_filters_pro.png"
    legend="Quick access with filters"
    width="596px"
%}


We hope you’ll enjoy this update!

## 2.10.0 - 2019-05-16
## Added
- PB-165: As AD I should be able to change my organization email notification settings via an administration screen.

## Improved
- PB-276: Merge organization settings code into CE. Ground work for administration features.
- PB-169: LDAP: Implement email prefix/suffix on the User Directory Settings administration screen.
- PB-188: LDAP: Implement ignored entries in "test connection" popup.

## Fixed
- PB-231: LDAP - ignored entries should not be validated during test connection.
- PB-226: LDAP - Fix "Openldap doesn't work with UI configuration".
- PB-37: LDAP - implement user feedback: usersParentGroup and groupsParentGroup filters should be case insensitive