---
title: Shine On You Crazy Diamond
slug: shine-on-you-crazy-diamond
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v2.3.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/cWGE9Gi0bB0
quote: Blown on the steel breeze
permalink: /releases/pro/v230-shine-on-you-crazy-diamond
date: 2018-09-05 00:00:00 Z
---

We are happy to announce the availability of passbolt directory synchronization feature. With this feature you can add
and remove groups and users directly from your OpenLDAP or Active Directory and the changes will be reflected in passbolt.
It is currently available as an experimental plugin for Passbolt Pro Edition users. While this connector has been
extensively tested during August we would like to start testing with more data sets and environment prior to announcing
a final stable status for this feature.

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2018/09/AD_ldap_overview.png"
    legend="Example of Active Directory synchronization"
%}

If you would like to test this feature, please fill out this [quick survey](https://passbolt.typeform.com/to/tDL8Qa).
This will help us make sure this version meets your requirements as well as provides you with the right amount of
information on how to setup the connector.

Please note that the php ldap extension is now a requirement. I should be straightforward to install on most systems.
For example on Debian:
```
$ sudo apt-get install php-ldap
```
Or on Centos
```
$ sudo yum install php-ldap
```


{% include releases/v230_ce.md %}

### Passbolt API
#### Added
- PASSBOLT-2999: Add Ldap plugin2

#### Improved
- PASSBOLT-2950: Display empty feedbacks content.
- PASSBOLT-2971: Reset the workspaces filters when a resource or a user is created.
- PASSBOLT-2267: As an admin deleting a user I can transfer ownership of this user shared passwords to another user or a group that have read access.

#### Fixed
- [PASSBOLT-2965](https://github.com/passbolt/passbolt-appjs/issues/6): Group filter link stays active after switching to a non group filter.
- Route rewriting of the appjs should take in account passbolt installed in a subdirectory.
- Fix the loading bar stuck in the initialization state in some cases.
- PASSBOLT-2969: Enforce steal to load the latest version of the appjs.
- Fix Email notifications being sent several times when an AppShell is instantiated inside an AppShell
- [PR227](https://github.com/passbolt/passbolt_api/pull/277): Fix some small date discrepancy in changelog.
- [PR4](https://github.com/passbolt/passbolt-appjs/pull/4/): Fix typo in tag text message.
