---
title: Introspective
slug: introspective
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v3.12.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/qw6ZX07NZSM
quote: "Introspective"
permalink: /releases/pro/introspective
date: 2023-03-15 00:00:00 Z
---
Release 3.12 for passbolt includes several new features and enhancements. Starting with Microsoft Azure being enabled by default for SSO capabilities. The feature has been thoroughly audited by Cure53, and the issues identified by the community have been fixed, so the feature is officially out of Beta!

Another notable new feature is the ability to customise passbolt to output the action logs in syslog or a file, giving administrators more control and visibility on what is happening on their instance and leverage other tools for threat and unusual activity detection. Administrators can also implement their own handler for action logs to further customise their passbolt instance reporting. A blog to demonstrate this new feature will be available soon. 

Version 3.12 also includes important fixes, such as a fix to ensure that only administrators can see which users have MFA enabled. This regression was spotted during the Cure53 march security audit. The full report will be available shortly. Spoiler alert: no critical vulnerability was found. 

Lastly, more file formats for export are included in release 3.12. This provides more options for migrating data between applications.

Overall, this release gives users more options while also improving passbolt’s functionality and security. The team extends a warm thank you to everyone who participated in the SSO alpha and beta tests cycles, for reporting issues and assisting us in resolving them.

{% include releases/v3120.md %}
