---
title: Regular
slug: regular
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v3.11.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/yR1u-v66iT4
quote: "Regular"
permalink: /releases/pro/regular
date: 2023-03-01 00:00:00 Z
---
With the release of 3.11, passbolt is pleased to deliver new features and fixes for issues discovered in the alpha version of SSO. 

A significant addition to v3.11 is the ability to start the account recovery or browser extension reconfiguration using SSO. This release also includes more helpful error messages, additional server-side logs, and additional fixes found during the SSO alpha (such as handling instances where the email addresses do not have the same case sensitivity in passbolt and Azure). A week-long code audit by Cure53 is currently underway for both the API and the browser extension. 
Alongside these SSO improvements, version 3.11 adds support for Duo v4, an upgrade from the previously supported v2. The API also now features a new endpoint that allows administrators to get paginated action logs, to make it easier to browse and find specific events or actions programmatically. 

Support for PHP 7.3 and passbolt API v2 has also been deprecated. While you will not be able to install a new instance on PHP 7.3, existing instances will still work until the next version. We encourage users to upgrade to PHP 7.4 or higher and use the latest version of the passbolt’s API. 

The browser extension has been updated with new languages in beta: Italian, Portuguese, Korean, and Romanian. 

Passbolt looks forward to continuing to deliver improvements and as always, appreciates your continued support. 


{% include releases/v3100.md %}