---
title: Bunny
slug: bunny
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v3.9.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/U_i895w7CfM
quote: "Bunny"
permalink: /releases/pro/v390-bunny
date: 2023-01-18 00:00:00 Z
---
The team at passbolt is thrilled to announce the release of v3.9 for immediate availability!

Passbolt Pro v3.9 ships with Single Sign On (SSO) in Alpha for all Pro users. This will allow authentication 
and onboarding via Azure SSO (via OAuth2 and OpenID Connect). 

{% include articles/figure.html
url="/assets/img/help/2023/01/sso-passbolt-login.png"
legend="SSO with Azure"
%}

[Learn more about configuring Azure SSO](/configure/sso/azure).

Important: Even though SSO is considered fairly stable as of now, it is strongly discouraged to roll it out in 
production environments without prior testing. This Alpha version is indeed released for end user evaluation and to 
receive your initial feedback. The final stable version will be released after SSO has been fully audited by a 
Cure53 in the next few weeks, and major issues reported by the communities are fixed, as it is usually the case with 
new sensitive features.

Additionally, v3.9 also includes support for PHP 8.2.

The team at passbolt is committed to continuous improvement. Passbolt thrives to provide the best security available 
while offering exceptional customer service and user experience. It wouldn’t be possible without the passbolt 
community. The contributions, bug reports, and input provided by the community is truly appreciated as well as 
essential.

Remarkable things are on their way! Among new features to look for are Duo v4 support, self-registration and MFA policies. 
Then expect support for additional SSO providers (Google, KeyCloak) and imnproved SSO integration during recover.
Stay tuned to see how passbolt expands in the coming months.

## API
### Added
- PB-21828 As a user I can use Microsoft Azure as single sign on provider (Alpha)

### Fixed
- PB-19601 As an admin running the healthcheck I should not see an unmanaged error if DB connection fails
- PB-21497 GITHUB-437 As an administrator I should see default user avatar in the email I receive when a user complete the setup
- PB-21501 GITHUB-411 As an administrator I should see the correct path relative to config tips in the health check report
- PB-21551 As an administrator I should be able to update with the web installer without getting an error due the subscription
- PB-21756 As an anonymous user switching MFA provider I should be redirected to the original target
{% include releases/v390.md %}