---
title: Get Up, Stand Up
slug: get-up-stand-up
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v4.0.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/CwIdvOTzvqc
quote: "Get up, Stand Up"
permalink: /releases/pro/get-up-stand-up
date: 2023-05-17 00:00:00 Z
---
Introducing the latest update of passbolt Pro, release v4. This update includes some significant enhancements to the platform’s functionality and overall user experience. 

{% include messages/warning.html
    content="**Attention:** This is a major change, so make sure you check the platform requirements, and do a test upgrade, before you update your live systems to the new version!"
%}
 

Passbolt now requires a minimum of PHP 7.4 to run, but also supports PHP 8.2, which means faster performance and security. The browser extension is also getting a bit of love with some much needed maintenance to Manifest v3 and it requires at least a Passbolt API v3 to run.

**Please also note the LDAP file configuration format has changed due to a LDAP library migration. The LDAP plugin will be automatically disabled on the Passbolt upgrade to the new version.** This is to prevent any users/groups synchronisation to be executed (either manually or by a cron job) until the administrator has checked the migration guide and that their LDAP settings have been updated (and ideally tested using dry-run).

While this is a breaking change, the LDAP updates provide greater flexibility and customisation. This version of the  LDAP plugin gives you control over user directory synchronisation with refined search requests and the ability to synchronise more data (group names, user first and last names). Refined LDAP search requests allow admins to sync more information and manage data easier. These new features give admins the ability to sync group names, users first names, and users last names.

Passbolt also now supports Google as a SSO provider integration. You can now setup passbolt to allow your users to login with their Google credentials. And you also can streamline onboarding by allowing new users to take advantage of self-registration using SSO.

This release also focuses on accessibility improvements to ensure an inclusive experience for all users across all versions. Alongside these feature updates, v4 includes numerous bug fixes and security enhancements to further improve system reliability. It’s recommended that all users update to this latest version to get the most out of passbolt. 

Finally, this release includes numerous bug fixes and security improvements, addressing various issues reported by our users.

Thank you for your continued support, and we hope you enjoy the enhanced features and improvements in this release. Please don't hesitate to reach out to our support team if you have any questions or feedback.



{% include releases/v4000.md %}
