---
title: War Pig
slug: war-pig
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v4.1.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/LQUXuQ6Zd9w
quote: "War Pig"
permalink: /releases/pro/war-pig
date: 2023-07-05 00:00:00 Z
---

Version 4.1 of Passbolt introduces the [long-awaited](https://community.passbolt.com/t/hackathon-march-2023-role-based-access-control/7115) Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) feature. In its first version, RBAC provides admins with the ability to control the capabilities offered to users through the user interface (UI). As passbolt evolves, subsequent releases will expand on this, eventually providing control over API capabilities.

On the performance side, while passbolt was able to handle thousands of passwords, sharing on large volumes was a challenge due to the end-to-end model. With this new version, users will be pleased to experience enhanced performance when sharing their passwords with others. More improvements are yet to come in future releases, so stay tuned.

Administrators are not left behind with this release. Continuing the efforts from v4.0, LDAP/AD integrations now support multi-domain (via config file, UI to be added soon) and can synchronize with large datasets. On the other hand, SSO integrations now support username/email remapping, enabling organizations with custom settings to deploy this feature

Additionally, users will notice improvements in some areas: passwords are now easier to read, special characters and numbers are highlighted with contrasting colors, and multi-factor authentication is now able to remember the last method used.

Finally, this release also includes the latest security fixes (minor and info) identified during the March security audit by Cure53. As usual, the full report along with the mitigations will be fully disclosed on the website.

Thank you for choosing passbolt. Your support and feedback are greatly appreciated.


{% include releases/v410.md %}
