---
title: The man who sold the world
slug: the-man-who-sold-the-world
layout: release
categories: releases pro
version: v4.2.0
product: pro
song: https://youtu.be/fregObNcHC8
quote: "The man who sold the world"
permalink: /releases/pro/the-man-who-sold-the-world
date: 2023-08-24 00:00:00 Z
---

Passbolt’s latest release, Pro version 4.2, introduces some new functionalities and fixes. 

One of the highlights of this release is the first brick of grid  modernization. With it, you’re in control of what’s shown on the password grid. You can decide which columns you want to see, as well as their position and size. This first version is part of a larger improvement project. The aim is to make customization of the grid available and persistent with the next v4.3.0 release, and to later introduce new columns such as OTP, Icon & Tag.

Another new feature is Password Policies, which allows administrators to control a range of password-related settings. They can set defaults for generated passwords to ensure they meet their organisation’s requirements. They can also specify whether passwords can be verified against compromised databases. 

Additionally, users will be pleased to see the new resource count chips displayed in the breadcrumb, providing an intuitive way to keep track of filtered resources. 

Administrators are not left behind with this release as a few bugs with the command line healthcheck have been fixed and the feature is being prepared to be available in the UI soon.

Thank you for choosing passbolt, these improvements wouldn’t be possible without your continued support.

{% include releases/v420.md %}