{% include messages/warning.html
    content="This release introduces some new dependencies and database changes. Make sure you follow 
    the minor [update documentation](https://help.passbolt.com/hosting/update) to roll out this new version."
    link="https://help.passbolt.com/hosting/update"
    ask="Read the doc"
%}
<br>
This release ships with the much awaited “quick access” and “auto-fill” features. 
It is now possible to access your passwords directly from the browser extension, 
and have your forms auto-filled in a click.

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/help/2019/04/LU_quick_access_screenshot.png"
    legend="Quick access screenshot"
%}

“Quick access” will keep evolving in the coming weeks with some improvements on the “auto-fill” part, 
or the possibility to add / edit a password directly from it.

You will also be pleased to see that both Import and Export functionalities, previously Pro Edition exclusives, 
are now available in the Community Edition. All major password managers templates are supported, 
such as the Keepass or 1Password file format.

{% include messages/warning.html
    content="<strong>Beware:</strong> after this update, the import and export functionality will be available
    to all the users (not only admins). To disable, follow the link below."
    link="https://help.passbolt.com/faq/configure/enable-disable-import-export-plugins"
    ask="How to disable import / export plugins"
%}
<br>

This release also includes an upgrade to the latest cakephp version : [3.7](https://bakery.cakephp.org/2018/12/08/cakephp_370_released.html), which means that passbolt is now compatible for 
most parts with PHP 7.3. We will keep supporting 7.0 until the next Debian stable release, 
but we invite you to switch to 7.2 as soon as possible.

Finally the Passbolt OpenAPI specification is also available. You can find the API specifications in a swagger compatible format 
[on this new repository](https://github.com/passbolt/passbolt_openapi_specs). It will be updated soon with a more detailed documentation, including code examples, to ease the learning curve.

## Passbolt Web Extension
### Added
- PB-3: Quickaccess: Simplified app to access passwords from the browser extension

## Passbolt API
### Improved
- PB-2: Upgrade to CakePHP 3.7
- PB-60: Performance - Add index on tags table
- PB-95: Implement Import / Export enable switch

### Fixed
- PASSBOLT-2121: Fix passbolt should run in a subdirectory

