---
title: Soul Makossa
slug: soulmakossa
layout: release
categories: releases ce
version: v1.0.11
product: ce
song: https://youtu.be/aWK_Josc0Og
quote: Wanna Be Startin' Something.
permalink: /releases/ce/v1011-soulmakossa
date: 2016-05-16 00:00:00 Z
---

This release brings some new email notifications. Until now you could only receive a notification 
when someone was sharing a password with you. With this new set of features you will also receive 
a nudge when someone comment, edit or delete a password that you own (or that is shared with you).

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/img/screenshots/LU_partial_email_comment.png"
    legend="example of new email notification"
    width="400px"
%}

Another interesting new feature that was requested by quite a few of you is a "remember for 5 minutes"
checkbox on the passphrase / master password dialog. To be used with caution!

{% include articles/figure.html
    url="/assets/screenshots/LU_partial_passphrase_dialog.jpg"
    legend="remember me!"
    width="400px"
%}


On the nerdy side we also squashed some annoying bugs on the plugin side, tidied up the code with 
PHPCS and gave the API documentation a head-start. If you are running your own instance, you can 
checkout /api/doc.json (available in debug mode) to get access to a Swagger compatible documentation file.

This week round of thank you goes to Madalina Preda and Shruti Ravindran who are helping us get our 
first press releases out of the door. 

### Passbolt API
#### Added improvements

- PASSBOLT-1388: As a user I should receive an email notification when a password is updated.
- PASSBOLT-1389: As a user I should receive an email notification when a password is created.
- PASSBOLT-1390: As a user I should receive an email notification when a password is deleted.
- PASSBOLT-1544: As a user I should receive an email notification when someone comments on a password.
- PASSBOLT-1221: API documentation with Swagger (Part I: models).

#### Fixed bugs

- PASSBOLT-1094: Frontend: Server errors happening during a request should give a visual feedback.
- PASSBOLT-1438: Retry button is not working at setup first step (when user doesn't have the plugin installed).
- PASSBOLT-1564: As a sysop, installing passbolt with quiet mode should not output any information.
- PASSBOLT-1434: Wordsmithing: rename master password to passphrase.
- PASSBOLT-1274: Fix PHPCS errors for models

### Passbolt Firefox Add-on
#### Added improvements

- PASSBOLT-1108: As LU when entering my master key I can have the plugin remember it for 5 min.
    
#### Fixed bugs

- PASSBOLT-1494: After two consecutive setup, the plugin stops working and doesn't start anymore.
