---
title: Insomnia
slug: Insomnia
layout: release
categories: releases ce
version: v2.0.0
product: ce
song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgxKuRO21AU
quote: But there is no release no peace
permalink: /releases/ce/v200-insomnia
date: 2018-04-10 00:00:00 Z
---
 This is not an April fool! Passbolt v2.0.0 is ready and available for download.

Kindly note that this is a major version release. If you are still running on the v1.x branch, 
you will need to follow a specific [upgrade procedure]({{ "/hosting/upgrade" | absolute_url }}).

The main aspect of this release is the upgrade of the passbolt api code base to CakePHP v3. 
It also ships with improvements such as a simplified configuration system, a better XSS protection 
and more tolerant validation rules. See the full list below.

This release is a complete rewrite of passbolt server component. We now have a code that is better 
organised, easier to read and simpler to maintain. Don’t just take our word for it: this new code 
base has been audited by CakeDC, the experts behind CakePHP. Check out the result of this independent 
3rd party [code review](https://medium.com/passbolt/passbolt-api-code-review-results-8bf1efd2ff05).

Below is the list of the changes since passbolt v2.0.0-rc2.

### Passbolt API
#### Added
- PASSBOLT-2725: Implement start page when passbolt is not configured
- PASSBOLT-2740: Update <3 link and add unsafe mode warning
- PASSBOLT-2697: Add passbolt migrate shell with backup option prior migration
- PASSBOLT-2803: Make the privacy policy footer link configurable in the settings
- PASSBOLT-2720: Move development dependencies out of the passbolt_api repo
- PASSBOLT-2511: passbolt pro bootstrap is moved in a separate folder

#### Fixed
- GITHUB-229: Fix passbolt can not run in a subdirectory
- PASSBOLT-2776: Fix: As AN, settings entry point should be able to have plugins settings whitelisted
- PASSBOLT-2762: Fix unexpected error on resource share
- PASSBOLT-2754: Change the way to define if passbolt is installed while running the unit tests
- PASSBOLT-2571: Delete secrets when a password is soft deleted
- PASSBOLT-2688: Fix healthcheck warning if the development plugin passbolt_test_data is not loaded
- PASSBOLT-2711: Delete orphans secrets
- PASSBOLT-2678: Edit Appjs API calls to use version number
- PASSBOLT-2694: Improve GPG lib to handle private keys validation
- PASSBOLT-2744: Favorites delete on group user delete
- PASSBOLT-2743: Favorites delete on permissions update
- PASSBOLT-2705: Increase coverage, ensure all users who lost access to a resource have no a secret in db for this resource
- PASSBOLT-2735: Display a specific message if a sidebar section has not content to display
- PASSBOLT-2664: Change cakephpConfig into settings entry point and adjusted app-js to work with it


### Passbolt Docker container
#### Added
- Added composer installer signature check according to official composer docs #91

#### Changed
- Base image switched to php:7-fpm (debian based) due performance issues with passbolt and alpine based images
- Web user is now www-data
- Supervisor provides better logging to stdout
- Upload max filesize increased to 5M for avatar uploads
- README documentation updated
- Composer file loads images directory in passbolt container as a docker volume
