---
title: Introspective
slug: introspective
layout: release
categories: releases ce
version: v3.12.0
product: ce
song: https://youtu.be/qw6ZX07NZSM
quote: "Introspective"
permalink: /releases/ce/introspective
date: 2023-03-15 00:00:00 Z
---
Release 3.12 includes a number of new features and enhancements, including the much-anticipated addition of folders in the Community Edition, which allows users to better organise resources.

Another notable new feature is the ability to customise passbolt to output the action logs in syslog or a file, giving administrators more control and visibility on what is happening on their instance and leverage other tools for threat and unusual activity detection. Administrators can also implement their own handler for action logs to further customise their passbolt instance reporting. A blog to demonstrate this new feature will be available soon. 

Version 3.12 also includes important fixes, such as a fix to ensure that only administrators can see which users have MFA enabled. This regression was spotted during the Cure53 march security audit. The full report will be available shortly. Spoiler alert: no critical vulnerability was found. 

Lastly, more file formats for export are included in release 3.12. This provides more options for migrating data between applications.

Overall, the release of version 3.12 provides several useful improvements. Thank you to the members of the community who’ve reported issues and helped us fix them. 

{% include releases/v3120.md %}
