---
title: Bunny
slug: bunny
layout: release
categories: releases ce
version: v3.9.0
product: ce
song: https://youtu.be/U_i895w7CfM
quote: "Bunny"
permalink: /releases/ce/v390-bunny
date: 2023-01-18 00:00:00 Z
---
The team at passbolt is thrilled to announce the release of v3.9 for immediate availability!

Passbolt CE v3.9 ships with Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) for all community edition users! Users can now set 
up MFA using various methods, including Duo, TOTP (Google Authenticator, Authy), and YubiKey (with Yubico Cloud).

{% include messages/warning.html
content="**Important:** Multi Factor Authentication requires HTTPS to work."
%}

Additionally, v3.9 also includes support for PHP 8.2.

The team is glad to make MFA, a former passbolt Pro feature, more widely available, as it’s been a 
[highly requested](https://community.passbolt.com/t/as-a-community-edition-user-i-can-use-2fa-mfa-feature/4708)
feature within our community (even though one could argue that the existing authentication protocol already combined 
2 factors of authentication: the private key and the master passphrase). The goal at passbolt is to provide the best 
security possible first while constantly improving user experience. It wouldn’t be possible without the incredible 
community that surrounds passbolt. Thank you to everyone who contributed ideas, reported bugs, and provided input.

Big things are on their way! Keep an eye out for how passbolt continues to grow and evolve in the coming months with 
additional pro edition features becoming available in the CE such as folders! To show your support please give us a 
star on [github](https://github.com/passbolt/passbolt_api) or write a review on the 
[app / extension webstore](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/passbolt-open-source-pass/didegimhafipceonhjepacocaffmoppf).

## API
### Added
- PB-20539 As a user I can protect the authentication to passbolt with a second factor method

### Fixed
- PB-19601 As an admin running the healthcheck I should not see an unmanaged error if DB connection fails
- PB-21497 GITHUB-437 As an administrator I should see default user avatar in the email I receive when a user complete the setup
- PB-21501 GITHUB-411 As an administrator I should see the correct path relative to config tips in the health check report 
{% include releases/v390.md %}