---
title: Get Up, Stand Up
slug: get-up-stand-up
layout: release
categories: releases ce
version: v4.0.0
product: ce
song: https://youtu.be/CwIdvOTzvqc
quote: "Get up, Stand Up"
permalink: /releases/ce/get-up-stand-up
date: 2023-05-17 00:00:00 Z
---
Introducing the latest update of passbolt Pro, release v4. This update includes some significant enhancements to the platform’s functionality and overall user experience. 

{% include messages/warning.html
    content="**Attention:** This is a major change, so make sure you check the platform requirements, and do a test upgrade, before you update your live systems to the new version!"
%}

Passbolt now requires a minimum of PHP 7.4 to run, but also supports PHP 8.2, which means faster performance and security. The browser extension is also getting a bit of love with some much needed maintenance to Manifest v3 and it requires at least a Passbolt API v3 to run.

This release mainly focuses on platform compatibility and accessibility improvements to ensure an inclusive experience for all users across all versions. Alongside these updates, v4 includes numerous bug fixes and security enhancements to further improve system reliability. It’s recommended that all users update to this latest version to get the most out of passbolt and benefit from the upcoming new features. 

We appreciate the continued support and feedback as we strive to provide an exceptional user experience. Reach out on the [community forum](https://community.passbolt.com) if you encounter some issues with this new release.


{% include releases/v4000.md %}
